
Hire developers from the project's community
============================================

从项目社区招聘开发者
===================

This critical step allows your organization to gain skills and
recognition immediately. Hiring two or three people is a great start
toward making a noticeable impact on a large project, such as the
Linux Kernel, attracting further hires and allowing enough resources
to mentor existing junior developers.

这一关键步骤使你的组织能够立即获得技能和认可。一个大型项目上雇用两到三个社区
开发者，是一个很好的开始，能让你逐渐产生明显的影响力。比如Linux内核，能吸引
更多的人加入，并让你有足够的资源来指导现有的初级开发人员。

It is crucial to align corporate interests with individual interests.

使公司兴趣与个人兴趣保持一致是至关重要的。

It will be hard to motivate a senior open source developer to work on
a given project when their interests do not match those of their
employers. For instance, a memory management expert may not be interested in working on file systems; therefore, finding a
match in interests is critical.

如果一个高级开源代码开发者的兴趣与雇主不一致，就很难激励他在某个项目上工作。
例如，一个内存管理专家可能对文件系统的工作不感兴趣；因此，找到一个
兴趣的匹配是很关键的。

 Support and allocate time for upstream contributions
====================================================

支持并分配时间给上传代码贡献
==========================

The core principle for hiring open source developers is to support an
organization's open source strategy, development, and upstream
activities; however, in most cases, there is the expectation that open
source developers will need to be available to support product teams
due to their expertise and influence in their respective open source projects. It is also common for
product teams to exercise their influence in an attempt to hijack the
time of the open source developers by having them work on product
development as much as possible. If this happens, many open source developers will head to the door, seeking new
opportunities that allows them to work on their upstream project
before an organization realizes what just happened.

聘用开源开发者的核心原则是支持企业的开源战略、开发和上传贡献活动。
活动；但是，在大多数情况下，由于他们在各自的开源项目中的专业知识和影响力，
企业期望开源开发者需要支持产品团队的工作。常见的情况是，产品团队行使他们的影响力，试图劫持
的时间，让他们尽可能多地从事产品开发工作。如果发生这种情况，许多开源开发者将会掉头离开，去寻求新的
机会，从事他们上传社区贡献的工作，在企业意识到这个事情发生之前。

**FIGURE 3**

**图 3**

BENEFITS OF UPSTREAMING CODE
----------------------------

上传代码的好处
-----------------

![](media/image38.png)Lower maintenance efforts for internally managed
code, i.e., minimizes technical debt.

![](media/image38.png)降低管理内部代码的维护工作，即尽量减少技术债务.

Upstreamed code becomes visible to others and receives peer review and
feedback, leading to improvements.

上传的代码对其他人可见，并得到同行的评审和反馈，从而导致改进。

Upstream contributions provide stability to the project. They send a
signal that the project is useful and important, which helps attract
new contributors.

上传贡献为项目提供了稳定性。它们发出了一个讯号，表明该项目是有用的和重要的，这有助于吸引新的贡献者。

Builds a positive relationship between the contributing organization
and the project community.

在贡献者组织和项目社区之间建立积极的关系。

Upstreaming code is an effective way to provide technical leadership
and influence the project.

上传代码是提供技术领导力并影响项目的有效方式。

Upstreaming contributes to easier compliance and improved security due
to centralizing code in upstream repos.

将代码集中在上游仓库有助于更容易合规和提高安全性。

Upstream contributions are an effective means of ensuring stability in
a company's software supply chain.



Helps organizations recruit talent from projects and retain their own
developers by engaging them with the open source innovation engine.

[]{#_bookmark3 .anchor}Therefore, creating and maintaining a
separation of upstream work and product work is essential. In other
words, a followed practice is to provide open source developers with
guaranteed time to meet their upstream aspirations and
responsibilities, especially if they are maintainers. For junior
developers, or other internal developers using open source in product
components, such interactions with the upstream community will
increase their language, communication, and technical skills. In the
absence of such an upstream time guarantee, it is easy for these team
members to become an extension of product teams, resulting in their
upstream focus drying up in favor of product development.

Create a mentorship program
===========================

Set up a mentorship program where senior, experienced open source
developers mentor junior, less experienced developers. Typically, a
mentorship program runs for three to six months, during which the
mentor supervises the mentee's work, assigns tasks, and ensures proper
results. The mentor also conducts code reviews and provides feedback
on anything the mentee produces before the mentee pushes the code to
the upstream project.

This exercise aims to increase the number of developers contributing
code to the upstream project and improve individual effectiveness by
increasing the quality of code and the percentage of code accepted
into the upstream project. In general, four to five mentees should
work with a given mentor, and, ideally, they should work in the same
area as the mentor to make code reviews more efficient.

 Formalize open source human resources tracking & performance metrics
====================================================================

Mature open source organizations almost always have an open source
developer track in their HR system. So, individuals hired as open
source developers have a good sense of how their careers will progress
within the organization. Additionally, organizations often need to
adjust their performance-based bonuses and metrics to include goals
related to open source development work. Closed source developers'
performance metrics are often different from those of open source
developers. For example, if an open source developer advocates for the
implementation of

a given feature, successfully gathers interest, and volunteers to
write the code, how would they be rated, especially if they may not
have written a single line of code?

Finally, organizations should allow a work-from-home (WFH) policy for
open source developers regardless of the general corporate policy.
During COVID-19, we witnessed organizations institute WFH policies to
allow employees to be productive while under quarantine. It was a
fascinating experiment for WFH policies, as organizations continued to
operate, innovate, and produce, even though most of their employees
worked from home. A WFH policy is almost mandatory in the open source
world because open source developers are located worldwide, making
hiring and retaining them easier.

